Add stress-etcd (#5)
kyma-incubator/service-catalog-tester: tools/stress-etcd/README.md

> # Stress-etcd

Reviewer: we should add the `prerequisite` section (require docker, kubectl etc)

IMO is worth to mention that this script will work currently only on MacOS system (host.docker.internal)

Author: fixed

Stress-etcd is a tool that populates keys in the etcd database. You can use it
to evaluate the performance of an etcd cluster.

>**NOTE:** Naming convention of the etcd cluster changed in Kyma version 0.5.0.

> Pods name changed from "core-catalog-etcd-stateful-X" to "service-catalog-etcd-stateful-X". If you need

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pods name changed from `core-catalog-etcd-stateful-X` to `service-catalog-etcd-stateful-X`. If you need
```

   ```bash
   kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward service-catalog-etcd-stateful-0 2379:2379
   ```
3. Download certificates using the `get-ssl-files.sh` script. It creates the `ssl` subdirectory that contains `etcd-client.crt`, `etcd-client.key`, and `etcd-client-ca.crt` files. 

4. Run `run-test.sh` to trigger the test with default settings. It spawns the container, mounts the `ssl` directory, and provides the following parameters:
   * **ETCD_SERVER**, which is the address of the server (default: `host.docker.internal:2379`).
   * **KEY_COUNT**, which is the number of keys to populate (default: `100`).
   * **KEY_SIZE**, which is the size of each key in bytes (default: `1000`).

### Examples

The following information appears when you run the test:

```bash
$ ./run-test.sh
ETCD version:
{"etcdserver":"3.3.9","etcdcluster":"3.3.0"}
Starting test
#	#ip:port        	time_total	size_upload
1       192.168.65.2:2379	0.300764	2676
2       192.168.65.2:2379	0.246349	2676
3       192.168.65.2:2379	0.774941	2676
4       192.168.65.2:2379	0.370848	2676
5       192.168.65.2:2379	0.293486	2676
Updated 5 keys of 5

real	0m5.381s
user	0m0.032s
sys	0m0.017s
``` 

> If you want to test multiple workers at the same time, 

Reviewer: IMO "spin up" can be a little bit misleading, we can spin cluster or sth like that, but here imo more accurate will be sth 
"spin up several instances of the `run-test.sh` script." -> "execute the `run-test.sh` script in multiple shells."

Author: fixed

If you want to test multiple workers at the same time, 
spin up several instances of the `run-test.sh` script.

When running the test, you can observe the load on the etcd cluster:
![](docs/assets/example-test-results.png)
The graphs show the load on the cluster in the following configuration:

> - 3 etcd nodes, ram=512MB, snapshot-count=10000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- three etcd Nodes, ram=512MB, snapshot-count=10000
```

> - 2 stress-etcd workers, key_size=2000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- two stress-etcd workers, key_size=2000
```

> ## About

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Stress-etcd
```

Reviewer 2: Please add the overview section below the title:
`## Overview`

> stress-etcd populates keys in etcd database. It can be used as a simple tool

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stress-etcd is a tool that populates keys in the etcd database. You can use it
```

> to evaluate performance of an etcd cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to evaluate the performance of an etcd cluster.
```

> >**NOTE:** In version 0.5.0 of Kyma there was a change in naming convention of the etcd cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Naming convention of the etcd cluster changed in Kyma version 0.5.0.
```

Pods name changed from "core-catalog-etcd-stateful-X" to "service-catalog-etcd-stateful-X". If you need

> to test the older version please modify content of get-ssl-files.sh script and the port-forward command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to test the older version, modify the content of the `get-ssl-files.sh` script and the port-forward command.
```

## Usage

> ### Quick version

Reviewer 2: Remove the heading.

> To run the test you have to perform following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to run the test:
```

> 1. Establish a connection to the etcd cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Establish a connection to the etcd cluster.
```

> 2. Download certificates using `get-ssl-files.sh`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Download certificates using the `get-ssl-files.sh` script.
```

> 3. Run the `run-test.sh` script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Run the `run-test.sh` script.
```

> ### Full version

Reviewer 2: Remove the heading.

> To test performance of an etcd cluster you first need to establish a connection.

Reviewer 2: Remove this sentence.

> To connect to etcd instance running on K8S cluster you have to forward a port from 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To connect to the etcd instance running on Kubernetes cluster, forward a port from 
```

> one of etcd instances. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
one of the etcd instances. 
```

> This command opens port `2379` on localhost: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run this command to open the `2379` port on localhost: 
```

```bash
kubectl -n kyma-system port-forward service-catalog-etcd-stateful-0 2379:2379
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please move the paragraph above under the point no.1.

> To download certificates from etcd instance execute `get-ssl-files.sh` script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To download certificates from the etcd instance, run the `get-ssl-files.sh` script.
```

> It creates a subdirectory `ssl` that contains 3 files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It creates the `ssl` subdirectory that contains `etcd-client.crt`, `etcd-client.key`, and `etcd-client-ca.crt` files. 
```

> etcd-client.crt, etcd-client.key, etcd-client-ca.crt. 

Reviewer 2: Please remove this line and move this paragraph under the point no.2.

> Executing the `run-test.sh` triggers the test with default settings. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run `run-test.sh` to trigger the test with default settings. 
```

> It spawns the container, mounts the ssl directory and supplies following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It spawns the container, mounts the `ssl` directory, and provides the following parameters:
```

> * ETCD_SERVER - the address of the server (default: host.docker.internal:2379)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **ETCD_SERVER**, which is the address of the server (default: `host.docker.internal:2379`).
```

> * KEY_COUNT - number of keys to populate (default: 100)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **KEY_COUNT**, which is the number of keys to populate (default: `100`).
```

> * KEY_SIZE - size of each key in bytes (default: 1000)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **KEY_SIZE**, which is the size of each key in bytes (default: `1000`).
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Examples
```

> During execution of the test you can see the following information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following information appears when you run the test:
```

```bash
$ ./run-test.sh
ETCD version:
{"etcdserver":"3.3.9","etcdcluster":"3.3.0"}
Starting test
#	#ip:port        	time_total	size_upload
1       192.168.65.2:2379	0.300764	2676
2       192.168.65.2:2379	0.246349	2676
3       192.168.65.2:2379	0.774941	2676
4       192.168.65.2:2379	0.370848	2676
5       192.168.65.2:2379	0.293486	2676
Updated 5 keys of 5

real	0m5.381s
user	0m0.032s
sys	0m0.017s
``` 

> In case you want to test multiple workers in the same time you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to test multiple workers at the same time, 
```

> have to spin up several instances of the `run-test.sh` script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
spin up several instances of the `run-test.sh` script.
```

> During execution you can observe load on the etcd cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running the test, you can observe the load on the etcd cluster:
```

> ![](docs/assets/example-test-results.png)

Reviewer 2: I would be more than happy to see the gray, 1pt border around the screenshot.

> The graphs show load on a cluster in the following configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The graphs show the load on the cluster in the following configuration:
```

- 3 etcd nodes, ram=512MB, snapshot-count=10000
- 2 stress-etcd workers, key_size=2000

> ## Building

Reviewer 2: As discussed, please make it the 1st point on the list.

`1. Build a Docker image`

> Execute script `build.sh`, it creates a new docker image named "stress-etcd"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the `build.sh` script to create a new Docker image named `stress-etcd`.
```
